c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI.g.resources
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\medvar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pruebav\UI\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
